Widgets 2.0 (#4028)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/graphing/widgets/event_stream.md

---
title: Event Stream Widget
kind: documentation
description: "Display filtered events from the Even Stream."
further_reading:
- link: "graphing/dashboards/Screenboard/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Screenboard"
---

The event stream is a widget version of the stream of events on the [Event Stream view][1]. 

> Note: **This widgets displays only the 100 most recent events**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: **this widget displays only the 100 most recent events**.
```

{{< img src="graphing/widgets/event_stream/event_stream.png" alt="event stream" responsive="true">}}

## Setup

{{< img src="graphing/widgets/event_stream/event_stream_setup.png" alt="event stream setup" responsive="true" style="width:80%;">}}

### Configuration

1. Enter a [search query][1] to filter the event stream. 

> 2. On Screenboard only, choose whether your widget has a custom timeframe or the global timeframe of the Screenboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. On screenboards only, choose whether your widget has a custom timeframe or the screenboard's global timeframe.
```
